<IMPORTANT NOTE>
I lost my only source of income due to COVID-19 and so have been frantically hunting for a job since then. Because
of this time I've lost to job-hunting, my project is severely lacking. I understand the penalties I will incurr
because of the missing parts of my project, but merely ask that Professor Willoughby take mercy on me by bestowing
a passing grade. If I fail this class I won't graduate this semester as I have planned, and so will have to take
out another loan, because I don't currently have income, to take this class online over the summer. I understand I
should have brought this to Professor Willoughby's attention earlier, like when I lost my job, but I thought I
would be able to find another job quickly and move on no problem. Unfortunately it didn't work out that way. I'm
sorry I didn't let you know sooner, Professor.
</IMPORTANT NOTE>

My website is an expansion of DomoMaker. The purpose is for users to be able to keep a personal log of the super 
cute reptiles they find throughout their days. They may give each reptile a name, age, and description. Although I
intended for users to be able to add images of the reptiles they find, I was unable to implement that feature in
time, and so instead when the user creates a reptile, an image of an iguana appears on the reptile's information
card.

The website has space for advertisements, and an option for the
user to pay to remove the ads.

React is being used to control the Reptiles that are being displayed.

Mongo is being used to store Reptiles and Accounts.

Handlebars is being used to form the framework of the app's pages.

Known issues:
My app doesn't implement a change password function.
My app doesn't remember which users have paid to remove ads and which users have not. So everytime a user logs out
they have to click the Remove Ads button again when they log back in.

If I were to continue this project I definitely would like to at least implement the images feature that I had
planned to do. I would also implement the requirements I am missing. I would also continue tweaking the front end 
to look nicer as I get better at design and using React/Bootstrap.